Issue-191 edited serverless instance to get the ApiKeys from secrets (#220)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: cfn-resources/serverless-instance/docs/README.md

_Update requires_: [No interruption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-no-interrupt)

#### Profile

> Profile used to provide credentials information, (a secret with the cfn/profile/{Profile_name}, is required), if not provided Default is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profile used to provide credentials information, (a secret with the cfn/profile/{Profile_name}, is required), if not provided 'cfn/atlas/profile/default' is used
```

Reviewer: [q] Can we add documentation about how to create this profile with AWS secret manager?
